Presentation: Can't remove related properties from supplemental rulesets (#3547)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

    alert("Integrated graphics are in use. If a discrete GPU is available, consider switching your device or browser to use it.");
```

### Fixed inconsistent property representation in a property grid

> Previously when using `nestedRelatedProperties` attribute, nested related properties were merged or not merged depending on whether at least one property of an intermediate class was selected. Now in both cases properties are not merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when using [RelatedPropertiesSpecification.nestedRelatedProperties]($presentation-common) attribute, the properties were loaded differently based on whether on whether parent specification included any properties or not. Now the behavior is consistent.
```

Reviewer 2: Typo in suggested change `... on whether on whether ...`

```json
{
  "id": "example",

>   "rules": [

Reviewer: To avoid making the example so massive, could you format the rulesets in a way to save vertical space? E.g.:
```json
"rules": [{
  "ruleType": "Content",
  "specifications": [{
    "specType": "ContentInstancesOfSpecificClasses",
    "classes": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "classNames": ["GeometricModel3d"], "arePolymorphic": true }
  }]
}, {
  ...
```

          "specType": "ContentInstancesOfSpecificClasses",
          "classes": {
            "schemaName": "BisCore",
            "classNames": ["GeometricModel3d"],
            "arePolymorphic": true
          }
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ruleType": "ContentModifier",
      "class": {
        "schemaName": "BisCore",
        "className": "Model"
      },
      "relatedProperties": [
        {
          "propertiesSource": {
            "relationship": {
              "schemaName": "BisCore",
              "className": "ModelContainsElements"
            },
            "direction": "Forward",
            "targetClass": {
              "schemaName": "Generic",
              "className": "PhysicalObject"
            }
          },
          "properties": "_none_",
          "nestedRelatedProperties": [
            {
              "propertiesSource": {
                "relationship": {
                  "schemaName": "BisCore",
                  "className": "GeometricElement3dIsInCategory"
                },
                "direction": "Forward",
                "targetClass": {
                  "schemaName": "BisCore",
                  "className": "Category"

>                 }

Reviewer: I don't think we need `targetClass` in this example.

              },
              "properties": "*",

>               "handleTargetClassPolymorphically": true

Reviewer: I don't think we need `properties` or `handleTargetClassPolymorphically` here.

            }
          ],
          "handleTargetClassPolymorphically": true
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

> |                               | before                                                                                                                            | after                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Let's add this to the first column header: **Value of `"properties"` attribute**.

And then change values for the column to `"_none_"` and `["UserLabel"]`.

          "className": "ExternalSourceAspect"
        }
      },
      "properties": []
    }
  ]
}
```

```json
{
  "ruleType": "ContentModifier",
  "class": {
    "schemaName": "BisCore",
    "className": "Element"
  },
  "relatedProperties": [
    {
      "propertiesSource": {
        "relationship": {
          "schemaName": "BisCore",
          "className": "ElementOwnsMultiAspects"
        },
        "direction": "Forward",
        "targetClass": {
          "schemaName": "BisCore",
          "className": "ExternalSourceAspect"
        }
      },
      "properties": "_none_"
    }
  ]
}
```

```json
{
  "ruleType": "ContentModifier",
  "class": {
    "schemaName": "BisCore",
    "className": "Element"
  },
  "relatedProperties": [
    {
      "propertiesSource": {
        "relationship": {
          "schemaName": "BisCore",
          "className": "ElementOwnsMultiAspects"
        },
        "direction": "Forward",
        "targetClass": {
          "schemaName": "BisCore",
          "className": "ExternalSourceAspect"
        }
      },
      "properties": [
        {
          "name": "Identifier",
          "isDisplayed": false
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: I'd reword to this:

For example, the [default BisCore supplemental ruleset](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/504a7b88e9ade29cc306bd55d093be1d76ddad43/presentation/backend/assets/supplemental-presentation-rules/BisCore.PresentationRuleSet.json#L372-L419) automatically includes `ExternalSourceAspect.Identifier` property to all Elements' content when they have such aspect. It's now possible to disable that rule using one of these approaches:

- Set `properties` to `"_none_"` or `[]`:
  
  ```json
  {
    "ruleType": "ContentModifier",
    "class": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "Element" },
    "relatedProperties": [{
      "propertiesSource": {
        "relationship": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "ElementOwnsMultiAspects" },
        "direction": "Forward",
        "targetClass": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "ExternalSourceAspect" }
      },
      "properties": "_none_"
    }]
  }
  ```

- Disable property display:

  ```json
  {
    "ruleType": "ContentModifier",
    "class": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "Element" },
    "relatedProperties": [{
      "propertiesSource": {
        "relationship": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "ElementOwnsMultiAspects" },
        "direction": "Forward",
        "targetClass": { "schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "ExternalSourceAspect" }
      },
      "properties": [{
        "name": "Identifier",
        "isDisplayed": false
      }]
    }]
  }
  ```
